README.md, before:

# mdc-dashboard 

## PURPOSE

The purpose of this project is to iterate the [Miami-Dade County Permit inquiry page](http://egvsys.miamidade.gov:1608/WWWSERV/ggvt/bnzaw960.dia) hoping to do the following:

- Find details about all permits associated under a given identifier: a name, a contracting license number, folio number or a property/address.
- We are making assumptions that the dashboard can be used both internally - by county employees - as well as externally, through homeowners or contractors.
- The application should be modular: we’re starting with permits, but dashboards could include other types of licensing, inspections, status checks, etc.

## TECHNICAL DETAILS

The first iteration of the prototype will be presented in HTML, CSS and Javascript. Assume that we are building for IE8.

Our goal is to use stubbed data (in the form of JSON objects) and then to do research on whether it would be feasible to scrape single-form submissions (Ruby or Python library? KimonoLabs?) or use a fixed data set that was provided from Code for Miami (https://github.com/Code-for-Miami/2013-14-Permits-Issued-Data-Set)

[*] And by “Glitter,” we mean “PERMIT DASHBOARDS.”

Valid permit numbers: 2014049209, 2015006143, 2014037756, 2014041747, 2014054509, 1992080776
Valid folio numbers: 30-5933-000-0030

Installation Instructions: TBA

Commit message:

Team members to the README.md

README.md, after:

# mdc-dashboard 

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is to iterate the [Miami-Dade County Permit inquiry page](http://egvsys.miamidade.gov:1608/WWWSERV/ggvt/bnzaw960.dia) hoping to do the following:

- Find details about all permits associated under a given identifier: a name, a contracting license number, folio number or a property/address.
- We are making assumptions that the dashboard can be used both internally - by county employees - as well as externally, through homeowners or contractors.
- The application should be modular: we’re starting with permits, but dashboards could include other types of licensing, inspections, status checks, etc.

## Technical Details

The first iteration of the prototype will be presented in HTML, CSS and Javascript. Assume that we are building for IE8.

Our goal is to use stubbed data (in the form of JSON objects) and then to do research on whether it would be feasible to scrape single-form submissions (Ruby or Python library? KimonoLabs?) or use the [fixed data set that was provided from Code for Miami](https://github.com/Code-for-Miami/2013-14-Permits-Issued-Data-Set).

### Installation Instructions

TBA

Valid permit numbers: 2014049209, 2015006143, 2014037756, 2014041747, 2014054509, 1992080776
Valid folio numbers: 30-5933-000-0030

## Team Members

Sophia Dengo, Mathias Gibson, Ernie Hsiung.
